hey guys what's up my name is heading
from whatever channel this is called now
I still haven't decided a proper name
for it but today I'm back I have another
video for you guys and this one is
something that's quite important I'm not
really important but I kind of find it
really interesting so I want to make a
video on it this is saloon TF a team
fortress 2 betting website that we
haven't seen before and I like the idea
of a betting system in Team Fortress 2
now as you may know if you want to bet
on actual sports you can go out you can
place money on them there's some
websites like that for eSports but
they're kind of somewhat dodgy and I'm
not really a big fan of those but two
games to quite popular games generally
take the idea of e sports betting and
make it reality csgo lounge and daughter
to lounge now see us go along Jay use a
little bit I played like 30 bets and
I've lose most of them but it's just
part of the fun of betting and don't who
are not really used but essentially what
happens is you bet your daughter to or
CS got items and then you read it on
competitive matches of that game you bet
on the team you want and there's
different odds so you're different
values or different amounts you'll get
from it I'll show you I don't really got
two items so if i go here and I'm like
yeah I want a better nip and then I'll
bet items for every one value of the
item I'll get a certain amount back on
0.89 value back in this instance each
item in the game is valued everything
like that so it's very well done in
those areas now saloon dot TF is being
brought to team fortress 2 where you can
bet on Team Fortress 2 matches which is
nice because next weekend I 52 a big
line event is occurring with top level
players flying over to England and
coming to play there's an Australian
team I think Tim immunity are coming by
mayor girl are wrong and I think it's
mixed up and fro your tech from America
coming in and then teams from all over
Europe in just general players of this
game are going to be coming attending
the insomnia multiplayer I 52 event and
you can bet on them and this should be
around four then currently it's in
better but
I don't know what this means so let's
close up um but I just want to give you
a like a little rundown of the site show
you what it's about so when you can sign
up for it you'll be brought onto this
site and you can check out the site now
you can check out the things that are on
the site currently but you can't really
use anything right now and I'll show all
of the teams here this is the Cyber
League tournament occurring in 16 hours
these are the games that are going to be
played so let's say I come onto this
site and I'm ready to bet my team
fortress two huts and I want to give
them my huts and then if the team I bet
on wins then I'll get things back it's
nice and it's a great way to just kind
of have a bit of fun I like in csgo I
bet they're quite a bit so it's
something I'm kind of interested in so
if we go and click bet it's going to be
establishing connection with bots and
we'll just see how this girls let me
just go out and refresh out this page
open for a little while as I said it
isn't better there's going to be a lot
of issues I clicked on Phoenix I don't
know about phoenix on a bit on reason so
i click that and i can see all the bets
of the people of place as well so all
these people have bet Hut's or refined
are things like that each thing will
have value as well which is nice so when
I go on to it i'll be like oh snap looks
like we're out of your trade offer URL
you can get that from just going on to
this but replacing this part with your
steam like link and then it will be like
look this i'm going to copy and paste
that i'm going to put it into here to
enter and then it will Lord my inventory
all the things that I have to bet will
come up and it shows the value here the
21 is that value it doesn't really
translate too much is just the more
expensive and you go I mean so I can
click on the ones i wanna bet let's say
i want to bet not sure about I'd never
wear that let's bet that I'm will bet
this on reason this is connected
inventory and trade offer it's not the
shirt off or I'll be sent we can go back
onto my Steam we can go ahead and click
on my pending trade offers respond and a
bot will send you a trade off a straight
away will confirm it click yes except
thanks for betting with saloon TF and
there that will be put in or where it
was a pleasure to bet with you so now I
can see what I am shy of that
and we can wait until the game occurs
and whatever the outcome is I'll be
getting items back in return and then
any time I can switch between the teams
like you know what GG WP are going to
take this easy or when authentics is
going to win now I'm going to go back to
that and I can do things like that it's
a really nice system and it's going to
allow for Team Fortress 2 to kind of
have that betting aspect which I know is
quite thriving in csgo a lot of the
games that don't have bets put on a
generally having a lesser view account
hopefully this will introduce a couple
of people maybe they're just mainly into
trading and maybe get those into you
know into betting and into watching
competitive team fortress 2 some has
been hidden thank you for tuning in
hopefully you guys will start betting on
saloon TF hopefully you guys will enjoy
it and if you don't watch competitive
tf2 yet I recommend you do thanks for
watching be sure to subscribe if you'd
like to be notified when I post more
videos and I'll see you all in the next
one